| Key          | Value                                     |
|--------------|-------------------------------------------|
| Date:        | 08-01-2024                                |
| Time:        | 16:45                                     |
| Location:    | Drebbelweg PC Hall 1                      |
| Chair        | Jamie Mungra                              |
| Minute Taker | Julia Kacprzak                            |
| Attendees:   | Arina Ralea, Jamie Mungra, Julia Kacprzak |

Agenda Items:

Opening: (8 min)

- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (1 min)
    - Coming back from the Christmas break is hard and the pipeline was down for 2 weeks, which caused a lot of delays.
- Announcements by the team (1 min)
    - None.
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (2 min)
    - No additions.
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)
    - Everyone approved.
- Announcements by the TA (1 min)
    - This Friday is the formative accesibility and features feedback, it is important to keep the Main working, so that
      we can receive feedback.
- Presentation of the current app to TA (1 min)
    - Fixed bugs and Markdown rendering, the app is woking now and basic requirements are almost all met.

Main Body: (25 min)

- < Repository State > (2 min)
    - Open Merge requests due to delay in christmas break
        - TA Feedback: we shouldn't reuse the old closed MR, closing them will be okay and we shouldn't worry.

- < Basic requirements progress > (4 min)
    - Delete note titles
        - This requirement has already been merged yesterday.
    - Manual refresh
        - This has also already been merged yesterday.
    - Searching notes
        - This has been already done, we only need to merge the tests for it.
    - Unique note titles per collection
        - This still needs to be done, we will assign someone to do it this week later during the meeting.
    - Host notes on server
        - We misunderstood the task, this has also already been done.

- < Extra Features > (6 min)
    - Collections
        - This is already mostly been done, we need to set up the default collection and make titles of the notes unique
          per collection.
    - Live Language Switch
        - This should be somewhat easy, we want to do it this week. We will assign a person to it later during the
          meeting.
    - Automated Change Synchronization
        - This is the hardest of these ones, that might require more than one person. We will try to do it anyway.

- We need to wait for feedback and check the accesibility requirements and see what needs to be reworked or done.

- < Modifications for Technology assignment (Issue #30) > (4 min)
    - Client
    - Server
        - Guy created issues for the rework of the things we need to fix already. We will assign someone to this task
          later during the meeting.

- < Task Distribution > (4 min)
    - The aforementioned tasks/features
        - This week's task distribution is as follows:
        - Guy: rework according to the Technology assignment feeback if it comes out soon, something else otherwise.
        - Younes: finishing the Collections feature
        - Jamie: doing the Live Language Synchronization feature
        - Arinea: working on the Embedded Files feature
        - Julia: working on the Note Tag feature
        - Gurk: research into Automated Change Synchronization and starting work for that

- < Redundancy (Extra Discussion Time) > (5 min)
    - No extra discussion, the time was used during task distribution.

Conclusion: (5 min)

- Summarize action points: Who, what, when? (1 min)
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (1 min)
    - Well planned meeting and agenda, great time management of the chair. The meeting was productive and enjoyable.
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you misestimate? (1 min)
    - The timing of the meeting was on point and we finished perfectly.
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (1 min)
    - No additional questions.
- Closure (1 min)
