| Key          | Value                                                                                     |
|--------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date:        | 18.12.2024                                                                                |
| Time:        | 16:45                                                                                     |
| Location:    | Drebbelweg PC Hall 1                                                                      |
| Chair        | Younes Rahmouni                                                                           |
| Minute Taker | Jamie Mungra                                                                              |
| Attendees:   | Arina Ralea, Gurkaran Dhaliwal, Guy Barels, Jamie Mungra, Julia Kacprzak, Younes Rahmouni |

Agenda Items:

Opening: (10 min)

- Opening by chair (1 min)  5 min delay due to technical difficulties.
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (1 min) 1 min
    - We talked about midterms.
- Announcements by the team (1 min) 2 min
    - We talked about the failed pipeline on Main after Gurkaran's merge, which was later fixed by Guy.
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (2 min) 30s
    - We added "Discussing Tasks & Planning feedback".
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min) 30s
    - Everyone read them, no further notes.
- Announcements by the TA (1 min) 30s
    - TA asked about Julia's absence due to technical difficulties.
- Presentation of the current app to TA (3 min) 6 min
    - Took a bit longer to set up, but Guy ended up showing the current app to the TA.
    - He showed the new search bar and the ability to change note titles.
    - Collections were also shown/explained, but they are not fully working yet.

Main Body: (40 min)

- Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision making/ discuss)

    - < Current state regarding basic requirements > (10 min)
        - Chair states both completed and uncompleted requirements. (2 min) 3 min
            - We went over all (basic) requirements that still need to be done.
        - Reason for delay. (4 min) 2 min
            - There were a lot of bugs that needed to be fixed.
            - There were issues with planning and distributing our tasks.
        - Time estimations for each missing requirement. (4 min) Not discussed

    - < Current state regarding Implemented features. > (5 min) 1 min
        - Collections are almost done, but there are some things that still need to be added.
        - We implemented an automatic synchronization of notes, but we need to change this.
        - Currently the client is pulling for changes, while the server should be pushing instead.

    - < Discussing current development priorities for team 36 > (5 min) 2 min
        - Adding the markdown rendering is a high priority, as it is one of the biggest basic requirements that we
          haven't done yet.
        - We should also (soon) add some of the basic buttons to the GUI, like deleting a note and manually refreshing.
        - Since the functionality is already implemented, we just need to make some buttons for it.

    - < Discussing Tasks & Planning feedback > (no estimation) 12 min (This was originally not in the agenda)
        - We went over the all feedback for tasks and planning.
        - All user stories should have their own issue, that can then be split further (for example: frontend,
          backend,testing)
        - Each issue (user story) should take about 3-4 hours and should have a clear descriptive title.
        - They should also have a time estimate and the actual time spent should be added afterwards.
        - We should make sub-issues to further divide issues.
        - Guy's issue #11 is a good example of how issues are supposed to look.
        - We should also go back and fix the old issues.
        - For example: some don't have descriptions, but this can easily be added.
        - Milestones should be changed and split per week, with all issues of that week added to it.

    - < Assignment Progress > (5 min)
        - Technology (formative) progress. (2 min)
        - Code Contribution & Code Reviews: Feature branching. (3 min) 1 min
            - Every MR needs at least 2 approvals now.

    - < Should members write test for their own code? > (2 min) 4 min
        - Most people agreed that you should write tests for your own code, as you know the best what is going on there.
        - Other people will check your code either way.

    - < Task Distribution > (5 min) 2 min
        - We have the codex document to keep track of all tasks to do.
        - We will meet tomorrow (19-12) to distribute tasks for the upcoming weeks.

    - < Planning for the upcoming week: Is it attainable for everyone? > (5 min) 1 min
        - It is definitely attainable.
        - We will fix stuff like the issues and milestone with the received feedback on tasks & planning.

    - < CoC agreements: Delivering work > (5 min) 2 min
        - We struggled to finish our weekly tasks on Friday (the agreed upon deadline)
        - Despite this, we agreed to keep the deadline on Friday, and we will try harder to actually finish on time.
        - Otherwise it can be annoying for the two people that have to review the code, if you submit it very late.

    - < Redundancy (Extra Discussion Time) > (5 min) 1 min
        - We will try to finish all the basic requirements in the upcoming weeks

Conclusion: (5 min) 2 min

- Summarize action points: Who, what, when? (1 min) 1 min
    - The minute taker summarized the biggest points of the meeting.

- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (1 min) 0s
    - We should improve time management a bit.
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you misestimate? (1 min) 10s
    - There was a five minute delay at the start of the meeting.
    - We also talked about the tasks & planning feedback for a long time. (Which originally wasn't in the agenda.)
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (1 min) 10s
    - Nothing added except happy holidays to everyone!
- Closure (1 min)
