| Key           | Value                                                                                     | 
|---------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date:         | 15th January 2025                                                                         |   
| Time:         | 16:45                                                                                     |   
| Location:     | Drebbelweg PC Hall 1                                                                      |   
| Chair:        | Gurkaran Dhaliwal                                                                         |   
| Minute Taker: | Younes Rahmouni                                                                           |   
| Attendees:    | Arina Ralea, Gurkaran Dhaliwal, Guy Barels, Jamie Mungra, Julia Kacprzak, Younes Rahmouni | 

**Meeting Summary:**

The meeting focused on feedback, assignment progress, and task allocation. The team decided priorities for the next
week, discussed repository issues, and addressed pending tasks.

**Opening: (7 min)**

**00:00 - 00:30** - Gurkaran greets the group, and the group reacts cordially.

**00:30 - 02:00** - Gurkaran summarizes the last meeting.

**02:00 - 03:00** - Gurkaran discusses Julia's minutes and the TA's feedback.

**03:00 - 05:00** - Julia explains the incomplete task that impacted an assignment. Gurkaran asks if the team read last
week's minutes.

**05:00 - 07:00** - The TA addresses feedback questions and issues with the app.

**Main Body: (23 min)**

- Talking Points:

  **Repository State (5 min)**  
  **04:00 - 09:00**
    - Gurkaran discusses Juliaâ€™s and Younes' progress with their tasks.
    - Gurkaran asks if the team has any questions about the repository.

  **Assignment Progress (10 min)**  
  **09:00 - 19:00**
    - TA says to prioritize UI functionality over appearance and suggests to implement hover pop-ups for Scene Builder.
    - Gurkaran checks task progress. Updates:
        - Julia is halfway done with her task.
        - Guy has finished his part but expects merge conflicts.
        - Arina completed part of her task and will finish this week with Gurkaran's help.
        - Jamie completed all tasks.
        - Younes is 80% done with his task, will finish it ASAP.

  **Task Distribution (8 min)**  
  **19:00 - 27:00**
    - The team discusses priorities: implement features first, fix bugs second, and improve UI last.
    - Gurkaran proposes scheduling an online meeting. The team agrees to meet tomorrow at 6 PM. Team decided to discuss
      the task distribution during the online meeting.

**Conclusion: (8 min)**

- Feedback round: (2 min)  
  **27:00 - 29:00** - TA mentions warnings for missing client/commons/server code lines will be provided by Monday.

- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? (1 min)  
  **29:00 - 30:00** - Actual meeting during was shorter due to Gurkaran's ability to both quickly and comprehensively
  cover topics.

- Question round / extra comment round: (1 min)  
  **30:00 - 31:00** - Jamie suggests adding more server-side logging.

- Summary and closure (2 min)  
  **31:00 - 35:00** - Team will finalize task distribution tomorrow. Younes and Guy will continue working on their tasks
  in the meantime. Meeting adjourned.