Date: 04-12-2024 (the fourth of december)  
Chair: Guy Barels  
Minute taker: Younes Rahmouni  
Other attendees: Arina Ralea, Gurkaran Dhaliwal, Jamie Mungra, Julia Kacprzak, Darius Floroiu

Meeting summary:  
The meeting focused on Team 36’s struggles with balancing the project and their midterms, their failed Code of Conduct
and application issues. The app issues include bugs and missing basic features like delete functionality. The team
discussed repository organization, Buddycheck feedback, and task planning, emphasizing time tracking, issue weights, and
milestone organization. Future features like Markdown support and embedded files were outlined, with some tasks deferred
to the Christmas break. Javadoc implementation was debated, with a preference for manual over AI-generated versions. The
TA expressed cautious optimism about the team’s progress, and action points included reviewing the revised Code of
Conduct, refining tasks in GitLab, and enhancing collaboration. The discussions went on a few tangents, making the
meeting take longer than expected. However, all of the topics discussed were valuable topics to discuss, and the total
amount of time, 49 minutes, did not exceed the allotted amount of time, 60 minutes.

Agenda Items  
Opening by chair (1 min)  
0:00 \- 0:45; Brief introduction and overview by Guy.

Check-in: How is everyone doing? (2 min)  
0:45 \- 2:00; Team shared midterm stress. Guy encouraged collaboration during the Christmas break.

Approval of the agenda \- Does anyone have any additions? (2 min)  
2:00 \- 2:45; Jamie added wanting to discuss the application, this was however already included in the agenda, thus
agenda approved without changes.

Approval of last minutes \- Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)  
2:45 \- 3:15; Younes confirmed that he did read Guy’s minutes and approved of them.

Announcements by the TA (1 min)  
3:15 \- 3:45; TA highlighted issues with the app and Code of Conduct. These were later discussed.

App revision  
\< What needs to be implemented by the next meeting? \> (10 min)  
3:45 \- 13:45; Addressed bugs and missing features like delete functionality. Discussed repository organization and
clarified expectations for the buddycheck process.

\< Task distribution for the upcoming week. \> (5 min)  
13:45 \- 18:45; Team discussed the task distribution. Julia was already done with her part so Guy told the group how
they could find, or where they could add, new tasks for the project.   
Julia asked “Can you have more than one milestone to an issue?”. Guy asked “Can you have child issues in milestones?”
Guy talks about gitlab features that TU Delft turned off. Guy talks about his current organization of (child) issues
and (sub) milestones. Julia asks “if we can categorize the milestones in separate features( or user stories)”. Guy talks
about how the document specifies the use of time tracking. Every member should use time tracking. Guy added it to
issues. Guy asks if members can add “weight” to their issues (easy/medium/hard). Julia asks if team members can look
through the current issues and edit them if necessary by next Thursday (5-12-2024).

\< Are the goals reachable within one week? \> (2 min)  
18:45 \- 20:15; Goals deemed achievable with improved organization and communication.  
\< Does everyone know how to do his/her task? \> (2 min)  
20:15 \- 22:15; Confirmed understanding of assigned tasks.   
\< Code of Conduct Revision \> (5 min)  
22:15 \- 27:15; Discussed why the previous version failed. Reasons include:  
\- extreme problem resolution measures in cases of individual problems.   
\- problem resolution measures that were out of the scope of the CSEP.  
\- excessive amount of pages. Maximum amount is two pages, team 36’s Code of Conduct had three pages.  
\< Any possible resources in case of lack of knowledge? \> (5 min)  
27:15 \- 32:15; Agreed to utilize team members, online resources, and the TA as needed.

Summarizing of Today's Meeting (by chair)  
32:15 \- 35:15; Covered Code of Conduct, task distribution, buddycheck feedback, and app progress.

Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (2 min)  
35:15 \- 37:15; Meeting was less efficient than the previous meeting, however this meeting had more content compared to
the previous meeting. All of the member’s were positive about the meeting; during the meeting there was an emphasis on
improving adherence to task deadlines.

Planned meeting duration \!= actual duration? Where/why did you misestimate? (1 min)  
37:15 \- 38:15; Slightly overran due to detailed discussions.

Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (2 min)  
38:15 \- 40:15; Discussed Javadoc standards and TA’s feedback on team progress.

Extra Discussion  
40:15 \- 47:30; Guy emphasized implementing Javadoc and the importance of manual quality checks. Gurkaran inquired about
progress, and the TA expressed a good feeling about the team's efforts. Sebastian happened to be in ear’s range,
allowing the TA to double check on whether to allow the use of AI generated javadoc.

Closure (1 min)  
47:30 \- 48:30; Meeting adjourned by Guy.