Meeting summary:

Due to the inconvenience of the time slot meetings primarily recap instead of discuss, however, several good remarks
were raised. The primary observation made was about the database which was discussed towards the end of the meeting.
Nonetheless, other important topics were mentioned such as task distribution and planning, testing, and checkstyle.

Agenda Items :

* Opening by chair (1 min)

0 \- 00:45; Short opening, introduction to meeting.

* Check-in: How is everyone doing? (5 min)

00:45 \- 2:00; There wasn’t much to discuss, perhaps an overestimation of the time required considering we had much time
to talk beforehand. Jamie’s weekend was good.

* Approval of the agenda \- Does anyone have any additions? (2 min)

2:00 \- 2:45; Recapped the agenda, and added an item about the checkstyle rules shortly before the meeting. it wasn’t
mentioned yet but later on we decided to discuss the database.

* Approval of last minutes \- Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (2 min)

2:45 \- 3:15; Everyone was updated and on the same page.

* Announcements by the TA (3 min)

3:15 \- 3:45; No announcements were made.

* Talking Points : ( Inform / brainstorm / decision making / discuss )
    * \<What needs to be implemented by the next meeting?\> (3 min)

3:45 \- 7:15; We discussed that by the next meeting, we should attempt to create a basic GUI, and start testing some of
the methods. Notes collection was added, but it needs to be connected to a scene so a controller is necessary.

* \<Task distribution for the upcoming week.\> (3 min)

7:15 \- 9:15; A note was made that communication needs to be worked on, we will make use of issues and always consult
before making drastic changes.

We decided to distribute the load as follows:

Jamie \- will work on the notes controller

Julia \- will work on the notes collection interface

Arina \- will work on the user interface

Guy \- will add the Checkstyle rules

Younes \- will work on tests

Gurkaran \- will work on tests

* \<Planned meetings for the upcoming week.\> (2 min)

9:15 \- 9:45; Wasn’t really discussed, it is to early to plan that far in advance.

* \<Are the goals reachable within one week?\> (2 min)

9:45 \- 11:15; Goals are reachable, however we should make a better use of SMART and Issues.

* \<Does everyone know how to do his/her task?\> (2 min)

11:15 \- 11:45; Yes.

* \<Any possible resources in case of lack of knowledge?\> (5 min)

11:45 \- 13:00; We agreed that if we need help we can always ask each other, not to mention resources such as Google and
ChatGPT, askinig friends for help, and if necessary will consult our TA.

* \<Summarizing of today's meeting.\> (3 min)

13:00 \- 16:15; Discussed checkstyle rules, the database, task distribution, use of issues, etc.

* Feedback round: What went well during this meeting and what can be improved next time? (5 min)

16:15 \- 17:00; Meeting is very efficient and streamlined, again, since the discussion was already had before. We agreed
that next time we should leave more stuff to discuss at the actual meeting.

* Planned meeting duration \!= actual duration ? Where / why did you miss \- estimate ? (3 min )

17:00 \- 17:30; Again, too short due to time slot inconvenience.

* Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes ? (3 min )

17:30 \- 18:00; Nothing important mentioned.

* Closure (1 min )

Extra discussion:

18:00 \- 19:00; It’s hard to remember all the criteria due to the amount and complexity of the assignments, will
organize the information better on a shared docs document.

22:00 \- 34:00; Had a meeting online to discuss the conceptual schema, the design was discussed further in the meeting.
There are 4 entities:

Notes \- has controller.

Collections \- almost working controller, many to many.

Tags \- needs controller, many to many.

Files \- needs controller, one to many. If different notes have the same file, stored as one file but use different
entities as duplicates for simplicity sake.

34:00 \- 39:00; General discussion, the TA recommended its a good idea to individually split the work to 75% on the
backend, and 25% on the frontend.

Meeting concluded.